feat: Add :path() selector to dependency query system (#851)
vltpkg/vltpkg: www/docs/src/content/docs/cli/selectors.mdx

  property to use for the comparison, e.g:
  `:semver(^22, satisfies, :attr(engines, [node]))` for comparing the
  value of `engines.node`.

> - `:path("<glob>")` Matches packages based on their file path relative
>   to the project root using glob patterns. Path patterns must be
>   quoted strings. Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `:path("<glob>")` Matches workspace & file packages based
  on their file path relative to the project root using glob
  patterns. Path patterns must be quoted strings. Examples:
```

>   - `:path("./node_modules/*")` - Matches all dependencies in
>     node_modules
>   - `:path("**/react")` - Matches all dependencies named "react"
>     anywhere
>   - `:path("./workspace/foo")` - Matches a specific workspace
>     dependency
>   - `:path("packages/**")` - Matches all packages in the packages
>     directory

Reviewer: Let's make sure to only use valid examples here:

```suggestion
  - `:path("*")` - Matches all workspace and file packages found
  - `:path("./packages/foo")` - Matches a specific dependency path
  - `:path("packages/**")` - Matches all packages in the packages
    directory
```
